he expected to see his family when he
got home instead their bodies were
brought to him in
ambulances bar home works in al- Naja
Hospital in Rafa Southern Gaza the same
hospital where his wife and four
children were
brought a child eyes open blood on his
face they look at old photos of the baby
on their phones so they can remember
what he looked like before the
war we received the family that was
killed in the shelling here at al- naar
hospital the wife and four children of
one of her colleagues this is part of
the suffering of the Palestinian people
in general and medical teams in
particular imagine if you are at work
doing your job and all of a sudden you
saw entire family dead in front of you
in jabalia refugee camp they're still
digging out the bodies from the previous
night's strikes children's bodies
recovered but in no state to be
identified we were sleeping the rocket
head and there were limbs
everywhere where are the leaders of the
Arab
world they need to stop what's taking
place death is everywhere in Gaza
everyone seems to have been touched by
it everyone has lost someone after often
more than one member of their family
young old in their Prime the Israeli
bombs do not
differentiate nearly 50 people were
killed when the mishmish family's home
was bombed in Northern Gaza like so many
others they will be buried together in a
mass
grave many Palestinians fear if the war
doesn't end soon Gaza will become one
big Mass grave Assad bag Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz
zero